.\" Manpage for nxfuse
.TH NXFUSE "1" "January 2016" "1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nxfuse \- mount NuttX filesystems using FUSE
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nxfuse
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fIFUSE-OPTION\fR]... \fIdir\fR \fIdatasource\fR
.PP
.B nxfuse
-h \fIdir\fR
.PP
.B nxfuse
-m [\fIOPTION\fR]... \fIdatasource\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Mount or create (-m option) a NuttX filesystem on \fIdatasource\fR (file or block device).  
Using the first invocation format, the NuttX filesystem contained on \fIdatasource\fR will 
be mounted as a native Linux filesystem at the mount point specified by \fIdir\fR.  As with
and Linux mount point, this directory must exist prior to invocation of nxfuse.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-e\fR erasesize 
set the \fIdatasource\fR erase block size
.TP
.TP
\fB\-g\fR fs_specific_data 
sets generic, filesystem specific data used during mkfs
.TP
\fB\-l\fR sectsize
set the filesystem logical sector size
.TP
\fB\-m\fR
create (mkfs) a new NuttX filesystem on \fIdatasource\fR  
.TP
\fB\-p\fR pagesize
set the \fIdatasource\fR page read/write size
.TP
\fB\-t\fR fstype
specify the NuttX filesystem type (smartfs, nxffs, etc.)
.SH FUSE-OPTIONS
For a list of FUSE options, use the second invocation format or 'man fuse'.
.SH EXAMPLES
.LP
.TP
\fBdd\fR if=/dev/zero of=/tmp/smart.bin bs=1024 count=2048
.PD 0
.TP
\fBnxfuse\fR -m -t smartfs /tmp/smart.bin
.PD 1
.IP
Creates a RAM based, zero-filled 2 MByte file and initializes it with a new SmartFS filesystem (mkfs).
Since no 
.LP
.TP
\fBnxfuse\fR -t smartfs /tmp/smart /tmp/smart.bin
.PD 1
.IP
Mounts the SmartFS filesystem contained within /tmp/smart.b at the mount point /tmp/smart
.LP
.TP
\fBnxfuse\fR -t smartfs -e 2048 -o allow_other /tmp/smart /dev/loop0
.PD 1
.IP
Mounts the SmartFS filesystem managed by the block device /dev/loop0 at the mount point /tmp/smart
with a block erase size of 2KB.
Since /dev/loop0 is a root acceess device, this command will likely need to be executed with sudo.  
In this case, the -o allow_other FUSE option causes FUSE to setup the mount at /tmp/smart such that it
can be accessed by any user.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Ken Pettit.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report nxfuse bugs to pettitkd@gmail.com
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2016 Ken Pettit
License: BSD <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
fusermount(2) - Unmount a FUSE mount
